Update deploy-power-bi-template-project-for-web-accelerator.md (#148)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-ProjectServer: ProjectWeb/deploy-power-bi-template-project-for-web-accelerator.md

1. Download the Power BI template at [https://aka.ms/ProjectReports](https://aka.ms/ProjectReports). (See [Extend the Power BI template for Project for the web](https://support.microsoft.com/office/extend-the-power-bi-template-for-project-for-the-web-23fb86a7-e1b2-45fc-b82b-8f64ae44c51c).)
1. Open Power BI Desktop.
1. Select **File** > **Import**, then select the downloaded template.

> 1. When prompted for the environment url, use the base url of your development environment. For example: `https://mydevenvironment.crm.dynamics.com` (Note: If this isn't the default environment then the Roadmap parts of the template will not work.  You could edit the template to support multiple environments)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When prompted for the environment URL, use the base URL of your development environment. For example: `https://mydevenvironment.crm.dynamics.com`. Note that if this isn't the default environment, the Roadmap parts of the template will not work. You could, however, edit the template to support multiple environments.
```
